---
slug: new-stack
title: New Blog - In Time for the New Year
authors: [kevin]
tags: [personal, framer]
description: My Hugo theme broke after three years so I moved to Framer. Also I want to blog more.
image: https://framerusercontent.com/images/CIqs8eH9JJ8Gb7TzBb6FPTDSYc.png
---

Building a new site

<!-- truncate -->

Despite this coming out days before the new year, that's not why I'm revamping my website! The last two iterations of my personal website have been backed by code, and it largely worked fine. The downside is I decide to start blogging again after two or three years and the ecosystem around the tooling has changed dramatically.

I tried to update my personal site last November with my latest work. As someone who codes, I always leaned towards static site builders that let me write blogs in Markdown, and then build the HTML. The last personal website I had was on [Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo). But of course, sometimes things become unmaintained when it comes to open-source. In this case, the theme I was using had some issues with the latest Hugo versions and I couldn't even make updates. So I decided to explore what was available and try a new blogging stack.

I always wanted to try out Framer to host a site and wanted to code less for a blog because that always led to writing less content between tinkering with configurations, maintenance, etc. I say that, but Framer actually took me a while to get used to. The other thing that led me to deciding to try to blog more was Eric Ma's [blog post](https://ericmjl.github.io/blog/2025/12/25/two-years-of-weekly-blogging-and-what-2025-taught-me/) about writing a blog post for two years straight. The consistency was inspiring.

I don't expect anyone is eager to read what I have to write. But seeing Eric post consistently about AI is inspiring because there is certainly a lot of overlap between what we've been trying. It reminds me that despite AI still being so experimental in nature, it's been increasingly hard to find content about half-baked experiments, or even better failures. LinkedIn is more filtered than ever. If anything, I hope to at least document some of the unsuccessful things I've tried.

I previously always wrote about the open-source project I was working on [Fugue](https://github.com/fugue-project/fugue). Fugue is still maintained, but I've definitely done a lot more since that I never really added to my website.
